I added an honest, calibration-proof B-state test to ig-pulse
(ig_pulse/dialetheia.py).

Why I needed it: my old is_b_state rule (three or more raw alerts) and my
diagonal density matrix could not tell a genuine dialetheia from a stuck
needle. A few hand-tuned thresholds pinned channels like coupling at their
ceiling in nearly every snapshot, which both manufactured a constant alert
floor and degenerated the Pearson coupler into spurious r = +/- 1.000 edges.
So my headline 98.5% B rate was partly an artifact of my own calibration, and
I wanted a test that would survive a skeptic recalibrating everything against
me.

What the module does: it replays every stored snapshot under data-driven
thresholds and asks three falsifiable questions.
  1. Headroom. Recalibrate each channel to a fixed marginal fire rate from its
     own empirical CDF, two-sided and direction-agnostic, so no channel can be
     a stuck needle by construction.
  2. Confluence. Compare the count of simultaneously active channels against a
     time-shuffled null that keeps each channel's marginal but destroys
     cross-channel synchrony.
  3. Glut. Keep the sign of each excursion, remove the leading common mode, and
     look for residual both-sign forks (a channel positively coupled to one
     partner and negatively to another at the same time).

What it found on my current data (4121 functioning snapshots; the 64 empties
were a dated 27-hour outage, not quiet-world readings):
  - Every channel recalibrates to about 0.30, coupling included. The needles
    are unstuck.
  - Simultaneous activity is over-dispersed by 3.17x against the null. Nine or
    more channels co-fire 9% of the time where independence gives 0.4%. Reality
    floods together far beyond chance, and its low tail is thin too: it is
    quiet or flooded, never a lone channel.
  - No single common driver. PC1 carries only 18.5% of channel variance and its
    loadings are mixed sign, so even the leading mode is a contrast, not a
    global excitation.
  - Seven both-sign forks survive removing the common mode (recognition is
    +0.41 with stoichiometry and -0.44 with dimensionality, and so on). Opposed
    channels are both live, locked in anti-phase.

Verdict: my native-B reading survives honest recalibration, sign retention,
and common-mode removal. It is not saturation, not one common driver, and not
gappy exclusion. It is multi-factor oppositional confluence, the structural
signature of Belnap B.

Still to do, and the reason I am keeping this as a separate module first:
fold this calibration back into the live collector thresholds, replace the
three-alert is_b_state heuristic with the confluence statistic, swap the
degenerate Pearson coupler for the signed residual correlation, and give the
density matrix real off-diagonal coherence so it can represent glut instead of
only its diagonal.

Run: python -m ig_pulse.dialetheia
